You don't remember who your family is?
Uh, I don't remember anything.
What do I do?
You don't remember where you live?
I don't remember anything.
Okay.
What do I do?
I...
How about I take you to the hospital and then to a police station?
No, no, no, no.
I'm not going to a hospital or a police station.
I don't trust anybody.
Oh no.
I'm going to be late.
But there's the weekly department meeting today.
I can't take leave.
Okay, uh, ma'am, since you're not going anywhere,
how about I take you to my company office?
And then after work, I'll help you find your family.
Fine.
Guess you need to take responsibility for this.
You cannot leave my slot.
Okay.
Oh, oh, oh.
What?
My mom's returning home?
Yes, Mr. Hawthorne.
According to Mayor Jack Robinson's assistant,
Mayor Jack Robinson received an anonymous text message about you
and rushed back into the country.
What was the text?
He said, Mr. Hawthorne, you've been enchanted by seductors.
She's always had a temper.
Okay.
I'm going to attend the business meeting personally.
Are you afraid the Mayor Jack Robinson will suddenly come to our company?
I mean, yeah, unless there's some unexpected twist,
I should probably be there.
All right, Mr. Hawthorne.
I'll arrange it right away.
Mom, please don't scare off the wife I've finally got.